Add non-exposed Pod DNS name (#22797)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/dns-pod-service.md

### A/AAAA records

In general a pod has the following DNS resolution:

`pod-ip-address.my-namespace.pod.cluster-domain.example`.

> For example, if a pod in the `default` namespace has the IP address 172.17.0.3, 
> its DNS name is:
> 
> `172-17-0-3.default.pod.cluster.local`.

Reviewer: The hostname depends on what your cluster's domain is.

```suggestion
For example, if a pod in the `default` namespace has the IP address 172.17.0.3, 
and the domain name for your cluster is `cluster.local`, then the Pod has a DNS name:

`172-17-0-3.default.pod.cluster.local`.
```

> Any pods created by a Deployment or DaemonSet exposed by a service have the 

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Any pods created by a Deployment or DaemonSet exposed by a Service have the 
```
however, does _deployment-name` make sense for a DaemonSet? Should it be `service-name` instead, or some other detail taken from the Service object?
